docs: get access token (#304)
logto-io/docs: i18n/zh-cn/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/docs/recipes/integrate-logto/express.mdx

});
```

## 获取 access token

如果需要获取 access token，只需设置 `getAccessToken` 为 `true`:

```ts
app.get(
  '/fetch-access-token',
  withLogto({
    ...config,

>     // Fetch access token from remote, this may slowdown the response time,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Fetch access token from remote, this may slow down the response time,
```
